Update the client summary to fix a typo and explain syncing better (#2762)
chef/chef-web-docs: themes/docs-new/layouts/shortcodes/chef_client_run.md

</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><strong>Get, rebuild the node object</strong></td>

> <td>Chef Infra Client pulls down the node object from the Chef Infra Server. The node object is the combined set of system attributes discovered by Ohai and policy, attributes set by admins in Policyfiles or Cookbooks, and the run list of cookbooks to execute. If this is the first Chef Infra Client run for the node, there will not be a node object to pull down from the Chef Infra Server. After the node object is pulled down from the Chef Infra Server, Chef Infra Client rebuilds the node object. If this is the first Chef Infra Client run for the node, the rebuilt node object will contain only the default run-list. For any subsequent Chef Infra Client run, the rebuilt node object will also contain the run-list from the previous Chef Infra Client run.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>Chef Infra Client pulls down the node object from the Chef Infra Server and then rebuilds it. A node object is made up of the system attributes discovered by Ohai, the attributes set in Policyfiles or Cookbooks, and the run list of cookbooks.
The first time Chef Infra Client runs on a node, it creates a node object from the the default run-list. A node that has not yet had a Chef Infra Client run will not have a node object or a Chef Infra Server entry for a node object. On any subsequent Chef Infra Client runs, the rebuilt node object will also contain the run-list from the previous Chef Infra Client run.</td>```

</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><strong>Expand the run-list</strong></td>

> <td>Chef Infra Client expands the <a href="/run_lists/">run-list</a> from the rebuilt node object, compiling a full and complete list of recipes that will be applied to the node, placing recipes in the same exact order they will be applied.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>Chef Infra Client expands the <a href="/run_lists/">run-list</a> from the rebuilt node object and compiles a complete list of recipes in the exact order that they will be applied to the node.</td>
```

</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><strong>Synchronize cookbooks</strong></td>

> <td>Chef Infra Client asks the Chef Infra Server for a list of all <a href="/cookbooks/">cookbook files</a> (including recipes, templates, resources, providers, attributes, and libraries) that will be required to do every action identified in the run-list for the rebuilt node object. The Chef Infra Server provides to Chef Infra Client a list of all of those files. Chef Infra Client compares this list to the cookbook files cached on the node (from previous Chef Infra Client runs), and then downloads a copy of every file that has changed since the previous Chef Infra Client run, along with any new files.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>Chef Infra Client requests all off the <a href="/cookbooks/">cookbook files</a> (including recipes, templates, resources, providers, attributes, and libraries) that it needs for every action identified in the run-list from the Chef Infra Server. 
The Chef Infra Server responds to Chef Infra Client with the complete list of files. 
Chef Infra Client compares the list of files to the files that already exist on the node from previous runs, and then downloads a copy of every new or modified file from the Chef Infra Server.</td>
```
